Add Terminology, APIs, Behaviour sections and ref to IS-04 versioning mechanism (#16)
AMWA-TV/is-13: docs/Behaviour.md

```json
{
    "label": "fave node",
    "description": "my favourite node"
}
```

The following `PATCH` request to the `/devices/21a28338-fb2e-4df5-9b55-d58e6124bc9f` endpoint asks to add, or replace the values for, the "studio" tag but make no change to other tags, the label or description.

```json
{
    "tags": {
        "studio": ["HQ2"]
    }
}
```

## Resetting Values

The API allows clients to reset values for `label`, `description` and individually named `tags`, using `null`.

The following `PATCH` request asks to reset the label and "location" tag, at the same time as adding, or replacing the values for, the "studio" tag.

```json
{
    "label": null,
    "tags": {
      "location": null,
      "studio": ["HQ2"]
    }
}
```

The reset behaviour depends on the API implementation.
The new values MUST be valid per the schema.

* For labels and descriptions, the implementation MAY restore an initial or configured default value, or set the value to the empty string.
* For a named tag, the implementation MAY restore an initial or configured default array of values, or remove the named tag from the resource.

A `PATCH` request with `tags` set to `null` asks to reset all tags.

> The following `PATCH` request asks to completely reset the distinguishing information for a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `PATCH` request asks to completely reset the label, description and tags for a resource.
```
